Modify Developer Best Practices Docs (#12690)
chapel-lang/chapel: doc/rst/developer/bestPractices/GettingStarted.rst

  anymore), so this is the best time to identify things that could be
  clearer for new users.

* The papers **"The State of the Chapel Union"** and **"A Brief Overview of
  Chapel"** (available at https://chapel-lang.org/papers.html) are the
  current best documents providing a broad overview of the history of
  the project, the motivation for the language, a high-level language
  overview, and the future.  The former is a bit more recent while the
  latter goes a bit more in-depth.  If you have time and motivation,
  reading both is likely to be useful and any duplication is likely to
  only reinforce important points.

> * Download the official Chapel release from ``SourceForge`` and put

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the official Chapel release from `GitHub <https://github.com/chapel-lang/chapel/releases>`_ and put
```

Author: @ben-albrecht I have updated it.
